players and changed a lot of party to see
the return of the cruise to the
to play a game of liberators
worth the record is clear the time of
departure complicated the life of a good part
five and a half in the afternoon
That's why a lot of people went to the stadium without
the cruise shirt
many went straight from work to
mine is college tonight already
I will not take such a service by the cruise
June I even talked to my boss and
I'm going to arrive earlier than this cruise.
the fans of the university of chile
they were also present
they provoked the cruzeirenses but everything
peace la u 12 00
there the of the 100 not not let the
Tomorrow people will not have five
chamorra caaca 4 to 0 boot being cruise
picture and 15 now 17 hours and 35 minutes
The game has started and look at the
movement outside the stadium
a lot of people at the run-time
complicated staff leaving the service to
watch the game
enough talk let's watch
cruise and there u
in-field cruise players
responded to fans' bets 5 to 1
with authority
ricardo goulart was the face of the game
scored three goals in the first
time and willian at the end of the game
also rocked the nets
lorensetti cashed in there with the
victory group 5 of the liberators was
all packed up with three points
but the cruise leads because of the balance
goals
I'm very happy for my sharing but
Congratulations to my group that from the top
I and all the whole group and the crowd also
Congratulations, we are the cruise.
This party promises to continue in mines.
because today there is the rooster in the stadium
independence will face the
Independent santa fe from colombia has
ronaldinho gaucho in independent field